- [STATIC]
- NOTHING IS WRONG
WITH YOUR TELEVISION.
DO NOT ATTEMPT
TO CHANGE THE CHANNEL.
YOUR REGULARLY SCHEDULED PROGRAM
WILL NOT BE SEEN
BECAUSE I AM CONTROLLING
THE TRANSMISSION.
I CONTROL THE HORIZONTAL.
I CONTROL THE VERTICAL.
AND THOSE BUTTON ON YOUR REMOTE
THAT DON'T SEEM
TO DO ANYTHING...
I KNOW WHAT THEY'RE FOR!
FROM THIS MOMENT ON,
YOUR TELEVISION BELONGS TO ME,
CONTROL FREAK!
[LAUGHING]
- UH, GUYS?
- [SINGING IN JAPANESE]
¶ TEEN TITANS, GO! ¶
¶ 1, 2, 3, 4, GO! ¶
TEEN TITANS!
- [BEEPING]
- IN HERE! HURRY! NOW!
- BEAST BOY, WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
- "THE MIJO + TITO SHOW"
WAS A RERUN,
SO I FLIPPED OVER TO WATCH
"DANGER TEAM 5,"
BUT IT WASN'T ON 'CAUSE THERE
WAS THIS LITTLE BLUE DOT
AND THIS "BEEP!"
AND THIS VOICE IS LIKE,
"I CONTROL THE VERTICAL,"
THEN THE DOT GOT REAL BIG,
AND CONTROL FREAK
HAS TAKEN OVER OUR TV!
- UM...
- WELCOME BACK TO
"BASS NABBERS."
TODAY, WE GONNA CATCH US
SOME FISH.
- DUDE! WHERE DID HE GO?
HE WAS RIGHT THERE
WITH A BIG FACE, AND...
- UH, BEAST BOY? MAYBE
YOU'VE JUST BEEN WATCHING
A LITTLE TOO MUCH TELEVISION.
- TV ROTS YOUR BRAINS.
- YEAH, MAN. WHEN WAS THE LAST
TIME YOU TURNED OFF THE TUBE?
- UM...I THINK I WENT OFF
TO THE MOVIES 3 WEEKS AGO.
- UH, I WISH TO REMIND YOU
THAT YOU DID NOT ACTUALLY
GO TO THE MOVIES,
BUT MERELY OBSERVED
A TELEVISION PROGRAM
ABOUT A PERSON
WHO WENT TO THE MOVIES.
- OH, YEAH.
THAT WAS COOL.
- RIGHT. LOOK, BEAST BOY,
CONTROL FREAK CAN'T BE ON TV.
HE'S LOCKED UP IN JAIL
WHERE HE BELONGS, REMEMBER?
- WE INTERRUPT THIS PROGRAM
FOR BREAKING NEWS.
AUTHORITIES HAVE JUST DISCOVERED
THAT THE DANGEROUS CRIMINAL
KNOWN AS CONTROL FREAK
HAS ESCAPED FROM PRISON.
- WHAT DID I SAY?
- REPORTS ARE COMING IN
FROM ALL OVER THE CITY.
CONTROL FREAK HAS BEEN SPOTTED
ON MORE THAN A DOZEN TV SCREENS
IN THE LAST HALF HOUR.
WE NEED TO FIND OUT WHERE
HE'S BROADCASTING FROM
AND PULL THE PLUG.
- [BEEPING]
- WE'VE GOT A LOCK.
- [DOOR CLOSES]
- WELCOME HOME, DEAR.
DINNER'S ON THE TABLE.
SHALL I FETCH YOUR
NEWSPAPER AND SLIPPERS?
- GOLLY, HON, THAT'D BE SWELL.
- BUT REBECCA,
I'M STILL IN LOVE
WITH YOUR REINCARNATED
EVIL HALF-SISTER.
- OH, JOAQUIM!
[CRYING]
- I MUST FIND MY PET HIPPO.
PLEASE TELL ME WHERE HE WENT.
IS HE SKIPPING THOUGH A MEADOW
OR CAMPING IN A TENT?
- [GROWLING]
DUDE! "CLASH OF THE PLANETS!"
THIS IS A CLASSIC.
- I DON'T CARE HOW POWERFUL
YOU ARE, BARON RANG.
I WON'T LET YOU WIN.
- FOOLISH HUMAN.
HAVE YOU FORGOTTEN THAT
I CONTROL THE STAR SYSTEM?
HAVE YOU FORGOTTEN THAT SOON
I SHALL CONTROL
THE ENTIRE UNIVERSE?
- HELLO!
- AHH!
- ENJOYING THE SHOW, TITANS?
MIGHT AS WELL
JUST SIT BACK AND WATCH,
'CAUSE YOU'RE
NEVER GONNA CATCH ME.
- WE WILL FIND OUT
WHERE YOU'RE HIDING.
IT'S ONLY A MATTER OF TIME.
- WHO'S HIDING? I'M RIGHT HERE.
OR AM I HERE? OR HERE?
OR OVER HERE? OR MAYBE HERE!
- THE CONTROL FREAK
IS A DORK, YES?
- HE'S IN THE BUILDING.
FIND HIM.
- HE'S NOT INSIDE THE BUILDING.
HE'S INSIDE THE TVs.
- [LAUGHING]
WE HAVE THE TECHNOLOGY.
YES! CONTROL FREAK
IS ON THE AIR!
[LAUGHING]
- WELL, THAT'S ONE WAY
TO BREAK INTO TELEVISION.
- HE TURNED HIMSELF INTO
A BROADCAST WAVE FORM,
AND NOW HE'S FLIPPING AROUND
FROM CHANNEL TO CHANNEL.
- CONTROL FREAK HASN'T
JUST ESCAPED FROM JAIL.
HE'S ESCAPED FROM REALITY.
- HUH? UH, GUYS.
COOL.
- [WHISTLING]
GOT ENOUGH HIGH-END
EQUIPMENT HERE
TO BREAK HALF
THE LAWS OF PHYSICS.
- CAN YOU REVERSE THE PROCESS?
PULL HIM BACK OUT?
- THINK SO. I JUST NEED
A LITTLE TIME TO--
DA!
- [ALL SCREAMING]
- WELL, HEY THERE, EVERYBODY.
HOPE YOU'RE AS EXCITED AS I AM,
BECAUSE YOU'RE THE NEXT
CONTESTANTS ON "QUIZ MONKEY!"
- UH, MY BAD.
- OK. WE NEED TO FIND CONTROL
FREAK AND GET BACK OUT OF--
- ALL-HALL RIGHT, YOUNG LADY.
15 SECONDS ON THE CLOCK.
EACH CORRECT ANSWER
WINS A FABULOUS PRIZE.
ZERO ANSWERS PUTS YOU IN
THE CAGE WITH THE QUIZ MONKEY.
- [AUDIENCE CHEERING]
- WHAT'S THE CAPITAL
OF LIECHTENSTEIN?
- UH...
- [BUZZER]
- WHEN DID HANNIBAL
CROSS THE ALPS?
- UH...
- [BUZZER]
- WHAT WAS SPIRO AGNEW'S
MIDDLE NAME?
- HMM...
- [BUZZER]
- HOW MANY ATOMS IN
ONE KILOGRAM OF OXYGEN?
- 3.7625 X 10 TO THE 25th.
- THAT IS CORRECT!
YOU'VE JUST WON A NEW CAR!
- ALL RIGHTY, THEN, TITANS.
YOU FOLLOWED ME IN. NOW LET'S
SEE IF YOU CAN KEEP UP!
- TITANS, GO!
- IN OTHER NEWS--HEY!
- BOO YAH! ENERGY DRINK!
- [TIRES SCREECHING]
- [COUGHING]
YOU'RE SCARIN' THE FISH!
- HUH!
- [GASPS]
- [CRASH]
- END OF THE ROAD!
- TELL THAT
TO THEM HOOTIN' BOYS.
- WAA-HOO!
- ¶ I AM GREAT
YOU ARE GREAT ¶
¶ YOU-- ¶ ARGH!
- DON'T MOVE.
- UH-OH. I'M STILL MOVING.
ISN'T THERE SOME WORD THE GOOD
GUYS ARE SUPPOSED TO YELL
TO MAKE ME STOP?
- FREEZE!
- [BUZZER SOUNDING]
- FREEZE? THAT'S TODAY'S
SLOPPY MESS WORD,
AND YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS, KIDS.
- OATMEAL!
- [SPLAT]
- [SCREECHING]
- I WOULDN'T STAND THERE
IF I WERE YOU.
- [BOOM]
- ME-MEEP!
- AGENT 257 TO BASE.
I HAVE THE RINALDI DEVICE.
[GRUNTING]
AAH!
- HUH?
- TAKE HIM DOWN.
WHA!
- FACE IT, TITANS,
IN THE REAL WORLD,
I MAY BE JUST ANOTHER GEEK,
BUT IN HERE, I'M THE COOLEST!
[LAUGHING]
WHOO! HA HA!
HEE HEE HA HA HA!
- WHERE DID HE GO?
- PERHAPS HE HAS FLOWN AWAY
TO SOMEPLACE LESS CREEPY
AND BAD-SMELLING.
- YEAH. WHAT KIND OF NASTY
OLD SHOW IS THIS, ANYHOW?
- [GASPING]
"IT CAME FROM JONES LAKE."
DUDES, I'VE SEEN THIS BEFORE.
WE'RE NOT IN A TV SHOW.
WE'RE IN A MONSTER MOVIE.
- [GURGLING]
[ROARING]
- AHH!
- CHILL OUT, Y'ALL. THIS IS TV.
THE MONSTER'S NOT REAL.
IT'S JUST SOME DUDE
IN A COSTUME.
THAT'S NOT A COSTUME.
HUH? WHAA!
- [GRUNTING]
- THAT THING MAY BE FAKE
IN THE REAL WORLD...
- BUT IT'S WAY REAL IN HERE.
- THEN IT'S A GOOD THING
HE'S NOT OUR TARGET.
WE NEED TO FIND CONTROL FREAK.
SPLIT UP!
- THE CREATURE FROM JONES LAKE,
7 GORN 7,
AND THE OFFWORLD OUTLAW--
THE MOST NOTORIOUS VILLAINS
IN TELEVISION HISTORY.
I SUPPOSE YOU'RE WONDERING
WHY I BROUGHT YOU ALL HERE.
THE ANSWER IS
QUITE SIMPLE, REALLY.
USING ALL OF
YOUR AWESOME POWERS,
I COMMAND YOU TO
SEEK OUT THE TEEN TITANS
AND ANNIHILATE THEM.
[LAUGHING]
SO COOL!
MASTER HAGADESH OF THE CLASSIC
MINISERIES "INVASION X."
I AM READY TO BEGIN
THE TRAINING.
- I ALREADY TOLD YOU--
I DON'T HAVE TIME FOR THIS.
- OH, DON'T
CHICKEN OUT NOW, MATE.
THE WORLD'S WATCHING "STUNT
FEST" TO SEE EYE-POPPING STUNTS,
AND THAT'S JUST
WHAT THEY'RE GONNA GET.
- I'M NOT GOING TO--AAH!
HUH? AAH!
- OH, LANCE, I DIDN'T MEAN
TO MAKE YOU FALL
MADLY IN LOVE WITH ME,
BUT EVER SINCE JOAQUIM LEFT
WITH MY EVIL HALF-SISTER--
- YO, I DON'T LOVE YOU,
MY NAME'S NOT LANCE,
AND I JUST NEED TO KNOW
IF YOU'VE SEEN A FAT GUY
IN AN OVERCOAT.
- OH, LANCE!
- WHAT THE--
- HELLO? ANYBODY?
NICE.
- OH! HO HO! THAT HAD TO HURT!
LET'S LOOK AT THE REPLAY, CHUCK.
YOU KNOW, I'M NOT SURE
WHY A TEEN TITAN IS ON THE FIELD
IN A CHAMPIONSHIP GAME,
BUT THIS IS JUST
A GREAT DEFENSIVE PLAY
BY THE STEEL CITY TIGERS.
- UGH! OOH!
- [GROWLING]
- WOULD YOU LIKE SOME MORE
FLAPJACKS, DEAR?
- TOTALLY! I MEAN, GEE WIZ,
MOM, THAT'D BE KEEN.
- SAY, SPORT,
IT SAYS IN THE PAPER
THAT YOUR SCHOOLMATES
ARE ORGANIZING A NIFTY SOCK HOP.
- [DOORBELL RINGING]
- OH, THAT MUST BE THE MILKMAN.
AAH!
- JEEPERS!
- OH, HAVE YOU SEEN MY HIPPO?
HE HIDES, AND I MUST SEEK.
- I CANNOT PLAY.
PLEASE, DO YOU KNOW A STRANGE
MAN NAMED CONTROL FREAK?
HE IS BIG, NOT TALL, AND NASTY,
AND KNOWN FOR CAUSING STRIFE.
HE ESCAPED INTO THE TV--
- QUICK, STAR, RUN FOR YOU LIFE!
- AHH!
- NEXT ON "STUNT FEST,"
I'M GONNA MAKE THIS ANGRY
GRIZZLY GIVE ME A PIGGYBACK RI--
- [GROWLING]
- PUH!
- AHH!
[GRUNTING]
THANKS.
- DON'T THANK US YET.
- WE BROUGHT A FRIEND.
- [GROWLING]
- THE MAKERS
OF AZARATH AND METRION
ARE PROUD TO INTRODUCE ZINTHOS.
NEW AND IMPROVED ZINTHOS GIVES
YOU EXACTLY WHAT YOU NEED
EXACTLY WHEN YOU NEED IT.
AND BECAUSE IT'S BLUE,
ZINTHOS GOES WITH EVERYTHING.
[READING SCROLL]
NEW BLUE ZINTHOS.
- DUDE, THOSE ARE 3 OF
THE BADDEST BAD GUYS EVER,
AND WE TOTALLY
KICKED THEIR BUTTS!
- BUT WE STILL HAVEN'T
FOUND CONTROL FREAK.
- TRUE, GRASSHOPPER,
BUT I HAVE FOUND YOU,
AND GUESS WHAT.
I KNOW KUNG FU. WHOA.
WHA-HA!
I'M NOT JUST SOME NERD
YOU CAN PUSH AROUND ANYMORE.
THANKS TO THE MAGIC
OF TELEVISION,
I NOW POSSESS A BLACK BELT
IN ASTRO JITSU,
THE BIONIC HERO'S ROCKET BOOTS,
BENTHAR'S WRISTBANDS OF POWER,
AND CAPTAIN CALLILE'S
INFAMOUS FLABBO BLASTER.
- UH, IN ENGLISH?
- HE'S ONE SERIOUSLY BAD DUDE.
- HASTA LA VISTA, TITANS.
[YAWNING]
OOH!
- AND WHEN THE CHOCOLATE
HAS MELTED, WE ADD THE SNAILS.
OH! I CANNOT WORK
IN THESE CONDITIONS!
- OH, HIPPO, MY HIPPO.
I HAVE MISSED YOU SO.
- [GASPING]
[GROANING]
- ENGAGE.
- WHOA. AT LEAST THINGS
CAN'T GET ANY WORSE.
- THIS JUST IN.
INTERFERENCE BY
THE CRIMINAL CONTROL FREAK
HAS CAUSED TELEVISIONS
THROUGHOUT THE CITY
TO EMIT HARMFUL ALPHA WAVES
WHICH DISRUPT
THE NEURAL PATHWAYS
OF ANYONE WATCHING
THE BROADCAST.
- HUH?
- TV LITERALLY ROTS YOUR BRAINS.
- TOLD YA.
- MY GUEST TONIGHT
IS DR. VICTOR PAYTON,
WHO HAS DISCOVERED
THE SECRET TO WORLD PEACE.
TELL ME, DOCTOR.
UGH!
- DO NOT WATCH THIS PROGRAM!
IT WILL LIQUEFY YOUR BRAIN!
AN ESCAPED CRIMINAL HAS TAMPERED
WITH THIS TRANSMISSION,
AND IT IS IMPERATIVE
THAT YOU TURN OFF YOUR
TELEVISION RIGHT NOW.
I'M SERIOUS!
STOP WATCHING THIS SHOW!
- I DON'T THINK
THEY'RE LISTENING.
- OF COURSE
THEY'RE NOT LISTENING.
BREAKING NEWS,
ESCAPED CRIMINALS,
A HANDSOME GREEN HEARTTHROB,
THIS STUFF IS RATINGS GOLD.
- IF PEOPLE WON'T
TURN OFF THEIR TVs,
THERE'S ONLY ONE WAY
TO SAVE MILLIONS OF VIEWERS.
WE'VE GOTTA STOP
CONTROL FREAK FAST!
- BUT HOW ARE WE TO DO THIS?
INSIDE THE TELEVISION,
HE IS MORE POWERFUL
THAN GLORTHROCK THE ALL-SEEING.
- YEAH. THE DUDE KNOWS
EVERYTHING IN HERE.
- HEL-LO! HE'S NOT THE ONLY ONE
WHO'S WATCHED TOO MUCH TV.
I'VE WASTED MY WHOLE LIFE
IN FRONT OF THE TUBE,
AND IT'S ABOUT TO PAY OFF.
COME ON.
- 500 CHANNELS...
- AND STILL NOTHING ON.
- HE COULD BE ANYWHERE.
- THERE. SPACE NETWORK
IS HAVING A "CLASH
OF THE PLANETS" MARATHON.
IF I WAS CONTROL FREAK,
AND I AM SO GLAD I'M NOT,
THAT'S WHERE I'D BE.
- PLEASE, THIS "CLASH
OF THE PLANETS" IS...?
- ONLY THE GREATEST
SCI-FI SERIES EVER MADE!
FOR AN ENTIRE GENERATION OF
FANS, IT'S NOT JUST A TV SHOW,
IT'S A WAY OF LIFE.
- [GRUNTING]
- GORCOM HAS TAUGHT YOU WELL.
- THIS ENDS NOW!
- ON THE CONTRARY.
MY REIGN OF EVIL HAS JUST BEGUN.
I SHALL NEVER BE DEFEATED. NEV--
OOH! AAH!
- WHO ARE YOU?
- I AM COUNT ROLL FREAKAU,
THE 12th LEVEL SPACE SAMURAI
WHO TRAINED BARON RANG,
AND I AM YOUR FATHER.
- NO!
- HEY, I REMEMBER THIS SCENE.
WE'RE IN THE FIRST EPISODE
OF SEASON 4.
- HOW DO YOU KNOW
WE'RE GOING THE RIGHT WAY?
- 'CAUSE WE JUST PASSED
THE ENGINE CORE
WHICH MEANS WE'RE RIGHT BELOW
THE DETENTION LEVEL.
SO, ALL WE HAVE TO DO IS FOLLOW
THE MAIN PARTICLE FLUX CONDUIT
TO THE GALACTIC COMMAND CENTER.
- FRIGHTENING.
TRULY FRIGHTENING.
- IDENTIFY YOURSELVES.
- YOU DON'T NEED TO SEE
OUR IDENTIFICATION.
WORTH A SHOT. GAH!
- [GRUNTING]
- TITANS, GO!
- THERE CAN BE ONLY ONE!
- [GRUNTING]
- YOUR POWERS ARE INSIGNIFICANT
NEXT TO THE POWER
OF CONTROL FREAK.
- [GRUNTING]
- [SLOW-MOTION SCREAMING]
- [YELPING]
- I DON'T CARE
HOW TOUGH YOU ARE, DUDE.
- THERE'S NO WAY
I'M LETTING YOU WIN.
- FOOLISH SNOT-COLORED HUMAN,
HAVE YOU FORGOTTEN THAT
I AM A 12th LEVEL SPACE SAMURAI?
IN HERE I CONTROL THE UNIVERSE?
- NO, BUT I'VE SEEN EVERY
EPISODE OF THIS SHOW,
LIKE, 300 TIMES, AND I THINK
YOU'VE FORGOTTEN
THAT A 12th LEVEL
SPACE SAMURAI CAN BE BANISHED
TO THE NO DIMENSIONS
BY THE HAH JUNE CHANT!
HAH JUNE KANG. HAH JUNE KANG.
HAH JUNE KANG.
- AAH! NO!
BUT--BUT--BUT THIS IS MY WORLD.
I'M COOL HERE.
YOU GUYS CAN'T WIN.
- DUDE, THIS IS TELEVISION.
THE GOOD GUYS ALWAYS WIN,
AND YOU ARE
SO NOT THE GOOD GUYS.
- [BEEPING]
- PLEASE TELL ME YOU KNOW
HOW TO GET US HOME.
- [SNORING]
- WELL, I GUESS THIS
WHOLE EXPERIENCE PROVES
IT REALLY IS BAD
TO WATCH TOO MUCH TV.
- BUT TRUTHFULLY,
WE ONLY PREVAILED
BECAUSE BEAST BOY WATCHES
TOO MUCH THE TELEVISION.
- SO, THERE REALLY ISN'T
A LESSON HERE.
- YEP. IT WAS ALL
COMPLETELY MEANINGLESS.
- [LAUGHING]
- ¶ T-E-E-N T-I-T-A-N-S ¶
¶ TEEN TI-TANS, LET'S GO ¶
¶ T-E-E-N T-I-T-A-N-S ¶